# MD

_Oct 23 - 31, 2019_ by VJ

Objective: **To create MVP of My Driver App**

Was the objective met? **YES**

## Discussion of Objective

The MVP app must meet the following criteria

- Login
- Search Order by Order No.
- Confirm Order with amount and sign by the customer
- Turnover of API will be on Oct 26.
- Accept Order for Delivery
- Receive Order
- First cut of the My Driver App will be on Oct 30th

## Evaluation

1. Did the Developer complete his primary objective? YES
2. How would you rate the quality of work and why?

   - Quality of work appears to be good. User interface appears to be professional based on video submitted
   - I cannot rate the performance & robustness of the app because I don't have a copy of the App

3. Are there othe accomplishments aside from the primary objective?

   - Yes, the Developer also deliver various improvements of the My Picker App including following features: automatically scrolling, suspend-and-resume, out-of-stock, etc.

4. What feedbacks or advise do you have for the developer?
   - It is important for the Developer to submit his/her work ahead of time and schedule demonstration before the actual OKR review.

## Feedback From Candidate

1. He was not able to solely focus on the primary objective since due to incoming priorities such modifying My Picker App.
2. He spent more time beyond regular working hour in order to achieve the objectives.
3. He visited office 2x, met client 1x, and met VJ 1x outside office. Despite of working from outside office, he feels to connected with the team.

## Next Meeting

We did not set the OKR for period since the developer is traveling out of country. The OKR meeting is to be held on Nov 6 Wed 3PM.
